Setting Up Odoo

Odoo is a massive system that will take care to setup in the way you prefer best.  Version 8, upon which the Turnkey App is built is vastly more stable than previous versions.

We also have endeavored to add the functional span of modules you will generall want to use.  This includes the Odoo SA Base module builds.  Additionally it includes several of the OCA (Odoo Community Association) module builds.

At first boot, you will be presented with the Odoo Database Manager.  You will want to 
1: Provide your "Odoo Admin Password" in field one (different than the default that is filled in).  This password you specified at in the last stages of your system startup (the third password entered)
3: Give first Database a Name
4: Decide if you want to load "demo data" for this database
4: Provide a first "admin" user Password (entering twice)
    Note that the "admin" user logs in subsequently as "admin" where "email address is requested.
    
The Database Adminstrator Page also allows Database Backups, Restore and Admin Password Changes.
If you have LOST your ADMIN Password it is findable in admin_passwd in openerp-server.conf.  You can read or change it there.  Do not share this password with anyone.

After a short to middling "first build process" you will find yourself at the "Settings" Landing for your system database.  It is from this page that Modules can be loaded.  Know that the more modules you load, the more complicated your setup will become.  I recomend you start somewhat slow.
Generally first load the following modules:
    CRM
    Online Billing
you can load more as you need, but again, I recomend going slow.

From here, it is worth setting up more specifics from the Left Panel of your Settins Module.
You want to specify
Company Details
User Details
  Admin User should have its associated "email" address changed.  The way to easily do this is to go to USER SETTINGS
  Choose ADMIN,  Give ADMIN all the rights you can, specifially TECHNICAL and SETTINGS.
  Log out, then Log back in.  
  Go again to Users.
  You will find now "associated user" displayed for ADMIN.  Click on that user and update Details as you see fit.
  ASSIGN a NEW EMAIL ADDRESS like admin@our.oddoserver.com .  This email address will be shown when you "send messages" from the ADMIN USER login.  Do it soon so you don't wonder why you are getting messages from admin@example.com  (the default email assigned to ADMIN.
  
  While it is recomended you do not have ADMIN be a real person, if you are wanting to get support from ODOO SA and qualify for the 2 User support package, it can be worth modifying ADMIN into your "real self".  
  
General Settings:
  Incoming and Outgoing Servers:  We will have a separate document for this but in general you want
  1 Email address which is setup as a CATCHALL Email address for the Domain you will be serving.
  You will need your EMAIL SERVER to accept SMTP mail from your TKL-ODOO Ip address
  You will need to specify account details in both Incoming and Outgoing servers.  (That being said, at startup, you can send OUTGOING Mail via LOCALHOST with the POSTFIX Mail Server which is part of the TURNKEY-ODOO App.)  We recomend however moving to a MX Serving Mail Server.
  
  Without "Incoming" routing setup via MX Provisioning on your DNS Setup, any emails you send out will be "un respondable".  That means, do not send messages except for internal system tests until you have full found that the system is sending AND reciving messages well.  
  If you find messages are not going to some Domains, it is time to visit Odoo.com to research why.  It will likely have to do with your DNS setup and how your headers are transmitting.  Such issues are beyond our curent expertise but we can and likely will join the conversation.
  
Postfix:  
  We have endeavored to use the POSTFIX Server for both incoming and outgoing mail.  We will document what we know and also move he discussion to the Wiki and forum for this APP.  Could be a good solution, though it may also put too much load on your system in terms of Resouces (ram and processing).

This Writer's (Landis Arnold) current recomendation for a email provider who can effectively deliver "catchall" domain email is ZMaiLCloud.com  (www.zmailcloud.com).  If you would like help with provisioning you can contact me Landis Arnold (larnold@nomadic.net, or contact me at my website at www.nomadic.net).
